[Applause]
to play name
one is the core the round mound of
rebound the other and someone everybody
loves whether they like it or not please
welcome Charles Barkley and Ray Romano
now do you understand how this game is
played and if so do you feel confident
about your chances yes Charles
I'm Britton okay good all right practice
has Jim you know yes or no okay Stan how
it's played not calm
is there any wagering that went on
between you before let's meet the center
of our universe for the next six minutes
is a man I met outside a movie theater
many years ago he's a handyman by day a
celebrity pester er by night please say
hello to Yaya Yaya
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you for being here Thank You Jimmy
god bless you God bless you God bless
you
no God bless you God bless you
yo god bless you because you between the
show you're the best
[Applause]
I know you've met all these celebrities
I'm gonna give you a warm-up question to
start do you recognize either of these
men
I got Mitchell dam got a douche on TV
that's the same Ray that's right yeah he
backed the show it's called everybody
wrong
haha he's the first picture I got with
him in Vegas would Tyson or elephant and
it is very good questions I'm gonna ask
you to put on your blindfolds I'll
explain the rules as we do I'm gonna
show you a photograph of a famous person
he's not seen these these come right to
the top of his head without using the
celebrities no no I didn't coffee I woke
up yes do not use this levels they try
to describe who the celebrity is okay
then
gentlemen if you know the celebrity ring
in each correct answer gets a hundred
points a wrong answer you get a chance
to steal again Yaya please do not notice
it today very good here we go let's
start it yeah here we go oh the lady
she's a Latino she marry rich a guy and
she's actor and his husband is all about
Celeste Charles Sam hi that's right
so nothing whose energy there's your mom
accosting salma hayek in our alley are
you all right Rex
celebrity is Yaya yeah oh the guy who
used to wrestling and now he's actor Roy
I stood for Hooper's dead living you did
rain yeah
Dwayne Johnson
[Applause]
very good Yaya I don't set them down
you've gotten really good at this I was
started to now I also pointing Lisa yes
you touching me a large room Thank You
Yaya who is this celebrity lady she
solid for Titanic Oh Charles Kate
Winslet what is the answer
can I hear more the diamond is neck
inside premiere Oh
nd I want to put my hand behind the
skirt so does not touch could scare
about the diamond not about here oh I
see they worried you were gonna take the
damn camera we won't want that who is
the next celebrity aya please identify
where you want the fast huh right yeah
yeah yeah okay it's time for the
celebrity going home this led dishes
younger music she have longer hair but
the thing is they're not original behind
yes ray Nicki Minaj no younger Charles
the oven she's a music star she's got
hair okay ray you already guessed you
can't guess again I'll tell him juice
into Juicy J No
I'm sorry the answer Yaya it's alright
we're still tied our next celebrity is
Oh
the guy you look like a life God with
the bubbler onto the phone yes that's
right they're good at this boy Jimmy I
know I know you're sweating like a lot
okay hold on let me back up a little bit
there we I love you very go see all
right our next celebrity is Yaya oh that
guy is the guy you make I know you'd the
two guy make movie gay cowboy the other
guys yes that's right
he bet the movie cowboy who a gay both
yes way all right Gyllenhaal yes
[Applause]
this is where everything fellow retire
who is this we're tied at 200 patient
move II with gem Saban she's their
American African lady yes and he'll
husband French a guy one day I won't
fight with them and I don't know it's
provision box no friend sugar yes yes
sir talk about her let's mother she do a
movie issue one-offs car with Denzel
Washington
that's right Charles within there was
one together sometime oh you are no
scarring gray Halle Berry
[Applause]
stinking tell about day one rain Charles
are going home with a limited edition
photo of themselves with yeah hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on